Add possibility for variants merge strategy change (#1199)
pattern-lab/patternlab-node: packages/docs/src/docs/pattern-pseudo-patterns.md

The tilde (`~`) and `.json` file extension are the hints that Pattern Lab uses to determine that this is a pseudo-pattern. The `patternName` tells Pattern Lab which existing pattern it should use when rendering the pseudo-pattern. The JSON file itself works exactly like the [pattern-specific JSON file](/docs/creating-pattern-specific-values/). It has the added benefit that the pseudo-pattern will also inherit any values from the existing pattern's pattern-specific JSON file.

> As default arrays in pseudo-pattern data will be concatenated with the base patterns array data. To override this behavior globally you can set the parameter `patternMergeVariantArrays` in you `patternlab-config.json` to `false`. Arrays will then be overwritten and you will only have the variants array data left.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, arrays in pseudo-pattern data will be concatenated with the base pattern's array data. To override this behavior globally you can set the parameter `patternMergeVariantArrays` in your `patternlab-config.json` to `false`. Arrays will then be overwritten and you will only have the variant's array data left.
```
